#SD
##PayPal
bak/SD-PayPal.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/PayPal/PayPal.yaml

#OA
bak/OA.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Advertising/Advertising_Classical.yaml

#SO
##Apple
bak/SO-Apple.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Apple/Apple.yaml
bak/SO-AppleDev.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/AppleDev/AppleDev.yaml
bak/SO-Beats.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Beats/Beats.yaml
bak/SO-SystemOTA.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/SystemOTA/SystemOTA.yaml
##Google
bak/SO-Chromecast.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Chromecast/Chromecast.yaml
bak/SO-Google.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Google/Google.yaml
bak/SO-GoogleFCM.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/GoogleFCM/GoogleFCM.yaml

#SU
bak/SU-Amazon.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Amazon/Amazon.yaml
bak/SU-Facebook.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Facebook/Facebook.yaml
bak/SU-Twitter.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Twitter/Twitter.yaml

#PO
bak/PO-Cloudflare.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Cloudflare/Cloudflare.yaml
bak/PO-Docker.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Docker/Docker.yaml
bak/PO-Duckduckgo.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Duckduckgo/Duckduckgo.yaml
bak/PO-Github.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/GitHub/GitHub.yaml
bak/PO-Microsoft.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Microsoft/Microsoft.yaml
bak/PO-Mozilla.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/release/rule/Clash/Mozilla/Mozilla.yaml
bak/PO-Notion.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Notion/Notion.yaml
bak/PO-Protonmail.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Protonmail/Protonmail.yaml
bak/PO-Spotify.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/release/rule/Clash/Spotify/Spotify.yaml
bak/PO-Telegram.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Telegram/Telegram.yaml
bak/PO-Vercel.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Vercel/Vercel.yaml
bak/PO-Wikipedia.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Wikipedia/Wikipedia.yaml
bak/PO-YouTube.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/YouTube/YouTube.yaml
bak/PO-YouTubeMusic.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/YouTubeMusic/YouTubeMusic.yaml
bak/PO-Speedtest.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/Speedtest/Speedtest.yaml

#OD
bak/OD.yaml https://ghproxy.com/https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blackmatrix7/ios_rule_script/master/rule/Clash/ChinaMax/ChinaMax_Classical.yaml
